add quick start for application CRD (#1103)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/en/quick-start.md

## Step 2: Deploy Your First Application

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/oam-dev/kubevela/master/docs/examples/vela-app.yaml
application.core.oam.dev/first-vela-app created
```

Check the status until we see `status` is `running` and services are `healthy`:

```bash
$  kubectl get application first-vela-app -o yaml
apiVersion: core.oam.dev/v1alpha2
kind: Application
metadata:
  generation: 1
  name: first-vela-app
  ...
  namespace: default
spec:
  components:
  - name: express-server
    settings:
      image: crccheck/hello-world
      port: 8000
    traits:
    - name: ingress
      properties:
        domain: testsvc.example.com
        http:
          /: 8000
    type: webservice
status:
  ...
  services:
  - healthy: true
    name: express-server
    traits:
    - healthy: true
      message: 'Visiting URL: testsvc.example.com, IP: your ip address'
      type: ingress
  status: running
```

Under the neath, the K8s resources was created:

> ```bigquery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

## What's Next

> - Learn details about [`Application`](./application.md) and know how it works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn more details about [`Application`](./application.md) and understand how it works.
```
